# About sACN Translator
*sACN Translator* supports a generic REST API.

## Universes:
sACN Translator can listen to multiple universes of Streaming ACN data. By default, it will listen on Universe 1.
        
*Getting All Universes:*

Make a GET request to `/api/universes` to receive a JSON reply of all universes that are currently being listened to.

*Adding a Universe*

Make a POST request to `/api/universe/add/*universe*`, where universe is the universe number to add.
        
*Deleting a Universe:*

Make a POST request to `/api/universe/delete/*universe*`, where universe is the universe number to delete.
    
Any time a universe is added or deleted, the listening service will be restarted.
        
## Fixtures:
sACN Translator uses Fixture addresses to listen to their corresponding DMX values to then trigger an action.
    
*Getting All Fixtures:*

Make a GET request to `/api/fixtures` to receive a JSON reply of all available fixtures.
Fixture objects are defined as:
+ `"id"`: Unique ID generated by the server upon creation of the Fixture object.
+ `"name"`: The friendly name of the fixture.
+ `"universe"`: The Universe that this fixture is considered to be on. This Universe must be added to the list of universes in order for the service to listen to sACN changes on that universe.
+ `"address"`: The DMX Address that this fixture is considered to be on.
+ `"triggerValue"`: The Trigger Value to watch for, to trigger the action. Must be a value between 0 and 255.
+ `"actionType"`: The type of action to be performed when triggered. Example: HTTP
+ `"action"`: The action to be performed, i.e. a URL.

*Getting a specific Fixture:*

Make a GET request to `/api/fixture/*fixtureID*`, where fixtureID is the ID of the fixture, to receive a JSON reply of the fixture information.
If an invalid Fixture ID is specified, a reply of `{returnStatus: "invalid-fixture-id"}` will be returned.
        
*Adding a Fixture:*

Make a POST request to `/api/fixture/add`, specifying all the Fixture object data, except for the ID, which will be automatically generated. The newly created Fixture object will be returned as a JSON reply.
    
*Updating a Fixture:*

Make a POST request to `/api/fixture/*fixtureID*`, where fixtureID is the ID of the Fixture object, along with a JSON Fixture object in the POST body. It will return the updated Fixture object as a JSON reply.
        
*Deleting a Fixture:*

Make a POST request to `/api/fixture/delete/*fixtureID*`, where fixtureID is the ID of the Fixture object.
        
## Restarting The Service:
Make a GET request to `/api/restart` to restart the listening service.